[Autogenerated] All right,
let's head over to stage Maker studio and see how to deploy and
monitor the model that we built in the last demo.
If you stop your notebook previously,
you want to start it back up and run the code to get up to
this point here under the host section.
At this point in the Notebook,
we've created the model and optimized it using neo.
If you want to see where the model actually lives,
you could go into your S3 bucket,
so I'll switch over to the S3 management console that I have up.
You'll see the bucket that we've been working with.
I'll click into that go into sage maker demo Xcode Boost churn,
and if I scroll down, you'll see model MLM four dot r dot gz.
So that's the model.
That's the thing that we output.
We're going to take that model and deploy it to an
endpoint back in our Jupyter notebook.
We can do that with just a single line of code right here.
I'll run this.
This will take a few minutes, but what this deploy function is doing,
it's creating a deployable model, configuring the sage maker,
hosting services with that configuration for the endpoint and the
endpoint itself and then launching this for the world.
I'll pause the video for a minute and come back when it's done all right,
and that has finished.
When it's done,
you'll be able to go into the sage maker console over here under models.
You'll see our model listed there.
The endpoint configuration.
This was all done through the code.
There's a bit of a display issue here,
but if you scroll down there is the configuration
here and then the actual endpoint, you'll see that that's in service.
And if you click into it,
this is the URL that somebody would call to pass data into the model.
Now let's go back to the code and test this out here under our evaluate section,
we're gonna make some HTTP post request to that endpoint using test data.
There's a little bit of set up work required here,
so we'll run this block of code setting up our serial Isar and deserialize ER.
And then this next block of code basically loops through the test data.
Remember, we held this data out, splits it into small batches,
passes them to the endpoint to get the prediction
and then converts them to a dump.
I array.
You will need to do an update here rather than as matrix.
This has been deprecate ID.
You need to use values instead.
So let me update this values and we'll run.
Now we have our predictions.
We want to compare the actual values to the predicted values,
and that's what this line of code does right here.
So let's run this and I'll scroll down.
And this outputs a confusion matrix where the actual values are on
the left and the predicted values are on top,
even though it's a little bit differently formatted
than what we saw in PowerPoint.
But you can see with our data we had nine plus 39 people who churned.
Adding up that actual equals one row, so 48 total.
We correctly predicted the 39.
Those are the true positives on the lower right of the Matrix,
and incorrectly, we predicted nine, so they actually turned,
but we predicted that they wouldn't.
So those were the false negatives on the top right?
There are four customers that we said would churn, but we were wrong.
So those are the false positives and the 282.
We said these wouldn't turn and they didn't.
Now we could take these numbers and plugged them into values
to calculate recall precision and accuracy.
In this case, the cost of falsy negatives are pretty high.
These are people that we predicted wouldn't leave, but they did.
And because they did,
we have the cost of losing that customer and gaining another one,
which is a much higher cost than just incentivizing the
turned customer to stay in the first place.
You remember that when the cost of falsy negatives is high,
you want to use recall is your metric If you follow
through the rest of the notebook,
there's some additional information here about calculating costs and
finding the right cut off for this particular model.
I'll leave this up to you if you're interested.
But before I wrap up the demo,
I do want to show you some of the monitoring features.
If we hop back over to the sage maker console here we are in the endpoint again,
and if we scroll down, you'll see that right here on the page.
We've got some monitoring and metrics available so CPU utilization,
memory utilization, disc utilization.
And if you click on view logs up here, this will take you into CloudWatch,
where you can explore more to get information about
the calls being made to the API.
To that endpoint that we deployed.
You want to go to CloudTrail?
So let's go up here under services.
Go to CloudTrail and here under event history, Let's scroll down.
And this is what you get by default.
You can also create a trail and have events blog to on S3 bucket.
All right, Before we wrap up,
let me show you how to tear everything down that we've been using in the demos.
You come back here to your Jupyter notebook.
There is a section at the very end for clean up.
But I'll show you how to do things through the interface as well.
Here in Sage maker studio.
Come over here to your running terminals and colonels and let's shut these down.
So shut down your image that will also take care of your kernel Back in
sage maker the console A few things we want to do here,
let's go to the endpoint configuration.
I'll scroll down here select this, at least on mine.
I need to move to the top and we'll delete Come over to
endpoints and you want to delete this one as well.
So just select it.
Delete.
Let's go into S3 and here I will back up to the top level for all of my buckets.
All select this one and elite.
You do have to type in the bucket name here to confirm deletion,
so I'll put that in and confirm.
And then the last thing to do.
Let's come appear to sage Maker again.
Sage maker studio.
And if you click into your username here down under apps,
you might see something different than what I have here.
But you want to delete app, we'll say yes, delete.
And that will also ask you to confirm by typing that in
and elite so back to Raya Globomantics.
When we started the course,
he was wondering if we could use machine learning to
solve our customer churn problem,
and I think at this point we could emphatically say yes.
Now our model is not perfect yet in the real world,
you'd want to continue to tune and test.
It gets some additional data, but we are well on the way. And with that, let's summarize the module